It seems that it will take a hard move.
What did you do?
Why did the stock fall again?
I can't bear the child, I can't catch the wolf
Scare them again
The big fish will bite
Then you let it out
Aren't these stocks gone again?
It's okay, I've already told Manager Gao.
As long as it's the stock I put out
He will have people buy it in the form of retail investors
In that case
Ultimate control
It's still in our hands.
smart
Hey, how nice it would be if my daughter knew you earlier
Dad, what did you say?
Look at this
How did this start to fall?
It has dropped to 6 yuan
Don't throw it away for what?
It also stimulates Brother Liu, let's cut the meat
Cut the meat, shut up
It's all contracting opportunities
Liu Chao
I beg you.
All my money is in your head
Sell it now
You're a coward
Damn I have money
But who the hell can consume who?
Oops, if you don't sell it, I'll kill you.